Circle restful (#2666)
AgoraIO/agora_doc_source: en-US/markdown/agora-chat/RESTful API Reference/Circle Management/manage-servers.md

# Servers

Circle is an online chat and community solution built on Chat SDKs. It allows users to connect with communities by interest and communicate with thousands of kindred spirits in real time.

> Circle provides a three-layer structure that contains the following:

Author: Done

> - **Server**: Servers are different communities within Circle. You can not only find and join servers by your interest, but also create and manage your own servers.

Author: Done

> - **Channel**: A server is organized into topic-based channels, where you can share with kindred spirits and talk over specific topics. A default channel is automatically created in tandem with the server creation.

Author: Done

> - **Thread**: Threads serve as temporary sub-channels inside an existing channel, to help better organize conversations in a busy channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Thread**: Threads serve as sub-channels inside an existing channel, to help better organize conversations in a busy channel.
```

Reviewer: 跟产品经理沟通了一下，建议去掉 temporary。

> Once a server is created, a default channel containing all server members is automatically created to receive system notifications. The server owner can then create public or private channels, as desired. Note that users can join and leave a server freely; they do not require approval from anyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a server is created, a default channel containing all server members is automatically created to receive system notifications. The server owner can then create public or private channels, as desired. Note that users can join and leave a server freely without approval from anyone.
```

Author: Agree. Thanks for both your suggestions. I will use this one - "Note that users can join and leave a server freely without requiring anyone's approval."

| `app_name` | String | The unique identifier assigned to each app by the Agora Chat service. For how to get the app name, see [Get the information of your project](./enable_agora_chat?platform=RESTful#get-the-information-of-the-agora-chat-project). | Yes |
| `server_id`  | String | The server.         | Yes   |
| `user_id`    | String | The user ID.   | Yes |

### Response parameters

| Parameter | Type | Description |
| :---------------- | :----- | :--------------- |
| `name`              | String | The server name.     |
| `owner`             | String | The server owner.      |
| `description`      | String  | The server description.    |
| `custom`            | String | The server extension.    |
| `icon_url`         | String  | The URL of the server icon.                   |
| `server_tag_id`   | String   | The ID of the server tag.             |
| `tag_name`        | String   | The name of the server tag.               |

> | `tag_count`       | Number   | The number of the server tags.             |

Author: Each server can have a maximum of 10 tags as stated below in the **Add a server tag** section. Not sure whether this can answer your question. Let me know if any confusion.

| `server_id`       | String   | The server ID.                   |
| `default_channel_id` | String | The channel ID of the default channel.             |
| `user_id`   | String |  The user ID.      |

> | `role`              | Number | The role of the user in a server.<li>`0`: Owner.</li><li>`1`: Admin.</li><li>`2`: Member.</li> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `role`              | Number | The role of the user in a server.<li>`0`: Owner.</li><li>`1`: Moderator.</li><li>`2`: Member.</li> |
```

Reviewer: 在社区中，管理被称为 Moderator

Checks if a user exists in Circle.

### HTTP request

```http
GET https://{host}/{orgName}/{appName}/circle/user/{user_id}
```

#### Path parameter

For the parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

#### Request header

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `Accept` | String | `application/json` | Yes  |
| `Authorization` | String | The authentication token of the user or administrator, in the format of `Bearer ${YourAppToken}`, where `Bearer` is a fixed character, followed by an English space, and then the obtained token value. | Yes |

### HTTP response

#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :-------- | :------- | :------- |
| `code`   | Number     | The HTTP status code.   |
| `result` | Boolean | Whether the user exists in Circle: <li>`true`: Yes.</li><li>`false`: No.</li> |

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

> ```shellcurl -X GET -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/user/{user_id}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
curl -X GET -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/user/{user_id}'
```

Reviewer: ```shell单独一行，全文关注

#### Request body

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `owner` | String | The user ID of the server creator (owner). The length cannot exceed 64 characters. | Yes  |
| `name` | String | The server name. The length cannot exceed 50 characters. | Yes  |
| `icon_url` | String | The URL of the server icon. The length cannot exceed 500 characters. | No |
| `description` | String | The server description. The length cannot exceed 500 characters. | No |
| `custom` | String | The server extension. The length cannot exceed 500 characters. | No |

### HTTP response
#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :-------- | :------- | :------- |
| `code`   | Number     | The HTTP status code.   |
| `server_id` | String | The ID of the created server.   |

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

> ```shellcurl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server' -d '{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server' -d '{
```

    "owner" : "user1",
    "name" : "server",
    "icon_url" : "http://circle.oss/19b1d7b0-7079-11e9-9bd8-25c5e81b42a1",
    "description" : "community",
    "custom" : "custom"
}'
```

#### Response example

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "server_id": "19VM9oPBasxxxxxx0tvWViEsdM"
}
```

## Modify a server

> Modifies the name, iconURL, description, and extension of the specified server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifies the name, icon URL, description, and extension of the specified server.
```

| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `Content-Type` | String | `application/json` | Yes  |
| `Accept` | String | `application/json` | Yes  |
| `Authorization` | String | The authentication token of the user or administrator, in the format of `Bearer ${YourAppToken}`, where `Bearer` is a fixed character, followed by an English space, and then the obtained token value. | Yes |

#### Request body

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `tags` | List | The array of the tags to add. Each server can have a maximum of 10 tags. The length of each tag can be a maximum of 20 characters. | Yes  |

### HTTP response

#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :-------- | :------- | :------- |
| `code`   | Number     | The HTTP status code.   |

For other parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

> ```shellcurl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/XXX/tag/add' -d '{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/XXX/tag/add' -d '{
```

| `Authorization` | String | The authentication token of the user or administrator, in the format of `Bearer ${YourAppToken}`, where `Bearer` is a fixed character, followed by an English space, and then the obtained token value. | Yes |

#### Request body

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `tagIds` | List | The ID array of the tags to remove. You can remove a maximum of 10 tags per request. | Yes  |

### HTTP response

#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :--- | :--- | :------------------ |
| `code` | Number  | The HTTP status code. |

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

```shell
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/XXX/tag/remove' -d '{
 "tagIds" : ["1", "2"]
}'
```

#### Response example

```json
{
    "code": 200
}
```

> ## Search a server

Reviewer: Search for a server

> ## Search a server

Author: Done

> Searches servers by specifying the server names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Searches for servers by specifying the server names.
```

Author: Done

Each query can contain a maximum of 15 results.

### HTTP request

```http
GET https://{host}/{org_name}/{app_name}/circle/server/search?name={name} 
```

#### Path parameter

For the parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

#### Query parameter

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |

> | `name` | String | The server name. The length cannot exceed 50 characters. Note that fuzzy matching is not supported. Enter a complete server name rather than keywords.</div> | Yes  |

Reviewer: 这里只有一个 </div>标记，漏掉了前半个标记？

> | `name` | String | The server name. The length cannot exceed 50 characters. Note that fuzzy matching is not supported. Enter a complete server name rather than keywords.</div> | Yes  |

Author: No. 50 characters for sure.

> | `name` | String | The server name. The length cannot exceed 50 characters. Note that fuzzy matching is not supported. Enter a complete server name rather than keywords.</div> | Yes  |

Reviewer 2: Okay, just checking. :)

#### Request header

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `Accept` | String | `application/json` | Yes  |
| `Authorization` | String | The authentication token of the user or administrator, in the format of `Bearer ${YourAppToken}`, where `Bearer` is a fixed character, followed by an English space, and then the obtained token value. | Yes |

### HTTP response

#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :--- | :--- | :------------------ |
| `code` | Number  | The HTTP status code. |

> | `count`   | Number  | The number of the matched servers. |

Reviewer 2: Edit: "The number of matched servers." (I think, if it's a tally?)

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :--- | :--- | :------------------ |
| `code`   | Number  | The HTTP status code. |
| `server` | JSON | The detailed information of the server.  |

For other parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

```shell
curl -X GET -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/XXX/by-id'
```

#### Response example

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "server": {
        "name": "chat",
        "owner": "u1",
        "description": "community",
        "custom": "custom",
        "tags": [
            {
                "server_tag_id": "1",
                "tag_name": "social networking"
            }
        ],
        "tag_count": 1,
        "created": 1658126097514,
        "server_id": "19SW5Q85jHxxxxx6T5kexvn",
        "icon_url": "http://discord.oss/19b1d7b0-7079-11e9-9bd8-25c5e81b42a1",
        "default_channel_id": "187xxxx09"
    }
}
```

> ## Retrieve details of recommended servers

Reviewer 2: Edit: "Retrieve the details"

> For now, this method retrieves the detailed information of five servers that are last created.

Author: A quick question: "to be created" seems to have an implicit meaning that the servers will be created but haven't been created yet. Could you please shed light on this?

> For now, this method retrieves the detailed information of five servers that are last created.

Reviewer 2: "the last five servers to be created" means "the last five servers that were created"; for example, "I was the last one to be killed in the game" means "I was killed last in the game (out of all the players)", not that I'm going to be killed in the future.

Perhaps this is a confusing construction. How about making it more clear with "This method currently retrieves the detailed information of the last five servers that were created." emphasizing the past tense.

```

#### Path parameter

For the parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

#### Request header

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `Accept` | String | `application/json` | Yes  |
| `Authorization` | String | The authentication token of the user or administrator, in the format of `Bearer ${YourAppToken}`, where `Bearer` is a fixed character, followed by an English space, and then the obtained token value. | Yes |

### HTTP response

#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :--- | :--- | :------------------ |
| `code`   | Number  | The HTTP status code. |
| `count`   | Number  | The number of recommended servers. |
| `server` | JSON | The detailed information of the recommended servers.  |

For other parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

> ```shellcurl -X GET -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/recommend/list'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
curl -X GET -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/recommend/list'
```

For other parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

```shell
curl -X GET -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/list?userId=XXX&limit=1&cursor=XXX'
```

#### Response example

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "count": 1,
    "servers": [
        {
          "name": "chat",
          "owner": "u1",
          "description": "community",
          "custom": "custom",
          "tags": [
              {
                  "server_tag_id": "1",
                  "tag_name": "social networking"
              }
          ],
          "tag_count": 1,
          "created": 1658126097514,
          "server_id": "19SW5Q85jHxxxxx6T5kexvn",
          "icon_url": "http://discord.oss/19b1d7b0-7079-11e9-9bd8-25c5e81b42a1",
          "default_channel_id": "187xxxx09"
        }
    ],
    "cursor": "ZGNiMjRmNGY1YjczYjlhYTNkYjk1MDY2YmEyNzFmODQ6aXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

## Destroy a server

Destroys the specified server.

> Once a server is destroyed, all channels within it are destroyed as well.

Reviewer 2: Edit: "When a server" (Simultaneous, I would think?)

Author: A quick question, could you please further explain the nuance between "once" and "when"?

Reviewer 2: It's a bit "nuancy", I suppose. :) 

Here, "once" means it is done, implying "first the server is destroyed, then the channels are destroyed." "When" means "at the time of", so it is happening at the same time, meaning "the channels are destroyed at the same time that the server is destroyed."

```

#### Response example

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "server": {
        "name": "chat",
        "owner": "u1",
        "description": "community",
        "custom": "custom",
        "tags": [
            {
                "server_tag_id": "1",
                "tag_name": "social networking"
            }
        ],
        "tag_count": 1,
        "created": 1658126097514,
        "server_id": "19SW5Q85jHxxxxx6T5kexvn",
        "icon_url": "http://discord.oss/19b1d7b0-7079-11e9-9bd8-25c5e81b42a1",
        "default_channel_id": "187xxxx09"
    }
}
```

## Retrieve the member list of a server

Retrieves the list of members in a server.

### HTTP request

```http
GET https://{host}/{org_name}/{app_name}/circle/server/{server_id}/users?limit={limit}&cursor={cursor} 
```

#### Path parameter

For the parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

#### Query parameter

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `limit` | Number    |  The number of members to query per page. The value range is [1,20]. The default value is 20. This parameter is only required when retrieving by page.  |  No  |

> | `cursor`     | String  | The start position of next query. This parameter is only required when retrieving by page.    |  No  |

Reviewer 2: Edit: "of the next"

#### Request header

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `Accept` | String | `application/json` | Yes  |
| `Authorization` | String | The authentication token of the user or administrator, in the format of `Bearer ${YourAppToken}`, where `Bearer` is a fixed character, followed by an English space, and then the obtained token value. | Yes |

### HTTP response

#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :---- | :--- | :------------------- |
| `code`  | Number  | The HTTP status code.  |
| `count` | Number  | The number of users. |

> | `users` | List | The detailed information of members. |

Reviewer 2: Edit: "of the users on the member list."

| `cursor` | String  | The start position of next query. |

For other parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

```shell
curl -X GET -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/XXX/users?limit=1&cursor=XXX'
```

#### Response example

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "count": 1,
    "users": [
        {
            "user_id" : "user1",
            "role" : 0
        }
    ],
    "cursor": "ZGNiMjRmNGY1YjczYjlhYTNkYjk1MDY2YmEyNzFmODQ6aXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
}
```

> ## Check if a user exists in a server

Reviewer 2: Edit: "Check whether a"

> Checks if a user exists in the specified server.

Reviewer 2: Edit: "Checks whether a"

}
```

## Check the role of a user

Checks the role of the specified user in a server.

### HTTP request

```http
GET https://{host}/{org_name}/{app_name}/circle/server/{server_id}/user/role?userId={user_id} 
```

#### Path parameter

For the parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

#### Query parameter

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `user_id` | String  |  The user ID.  | Yes  |

#### Request header

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `Accept` | String | `application/json` | Yes  |
| `Authorization` | String | The authentication token of the user or administrator, in the format of `Bearer ${YourAppToken}`, where `Bearer` is a fixed character, followed by an English space, and then the obtained token value. | Yes |

### HTTP response

#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :---- | :--- | :------------------- |
| `code` | Number  | The HTTP status code.                                          |

> | `role` | Number  | The role of the user in a server.<li>`0`: Owner.</li><li>`1`: Admin.</li><li>`2`: Member.</li> |

Reviewer 2: Edit: "in the server." (specific here, I think)

> | `role` | Number  | The role of the user in the server.<li>`0`: Owner.</li><li>`1`: Admin.</li><li>`2`: Member.</li> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `role` | Number  | The role of the user in the server.<li>`0`: Owner.</li><li>`1`: Moderator.</li><li>`2`: Member.</li> |
```

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

```shell
curl -X POST -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/XXX/user/role?userId=XXX'
```

#### Response example

```json
{
    "code": 200,
    "role" : 1
}
```

## Modify the role of a user

Modifies the role of the specified user in a server.

### HTTP request

```http
PUT https://{host}/{org_name}/{app_name}/circle/server/{server_id}/user/role?userId={user_id}&role={role} 
```

#### Path parameter

For the parameters and detailed descriptions, see [Common parameters](#param).

#### Query parameter

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `user_id` | String  |  The user ID.  | Yes  |

> | `role` | Number  | The role of the user. You can pass the following values:<li>`1`: Admin.</li><li>`2`: Member.</li> <div class="alert note">An error occurs if you pass <code>0</code> that represents the role of the server owner.</div>。| Yes ｜

Reviewer 2: Edit: "pass <code>0</code> representing the role of server owner."

> | `role` | Number  | The role of the user. You can pass the following values:<li>`1`: Admin.</li><li>`2`: Member.</li> <div class="alert note">An error occurs if you pass <code>0</code> representing the role of the server owner.</div>。| Yes ｜

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `role` | Number  | The role of the user. You can pass the following values:<li>`1`: Moderator.</li><li>`2`: Member.</li> <div class="alert note">An error occurs if you pass <code>0</code> representing the role of the server owner.</div>。| Yes ｜
```

Reviewer: 在社区和频道中，管理员称为  moderator

#### Request header

| Parameter | Type | Description | Required |
| :----- | :----- | :------- | -------- |
| `Accept` | String | `application/json` | Yes  |
| `Authorization` | String | The authentication token of the user or administrator, in the format of `Bearer ${YourAppToken}`, where `Bearer` is a fixed character, followed by an English space, and then the obtained token value. | Yes |

### HTTP response

#### Response body

If the returned HTTP status code is `200`, the request succeeds, and the response body contains the following fields:

|  Parameter  |  Type  |  Description  |
| :--- | :--- | :------------------ |
| `code` | Number  | The HTTP status code. |

If the returned HTTP status code is not `200`, the request fails. You can refer to [Status codes](#status-codes) for possible reasons.

### Example

#### Request example

```shell
curl -X PUT -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Authorization: Bearer <YourAppToken>' 'http://XXX/XXX/XXX/circle/server/XXX/user/role?userId=XXX&role=XXX'
```

#### Response example

```json
{
    "code": 200
}
```

### Remove a user from a server

Removes the specified user from a server.

> Once a user is removed from a server, this user is removed from the channels within the server as well.

Reviewer 2: Edit: "server, they are automatically removed from all of that server's channels as well."
